.TH auth.getDeviceCode 3 "29 Jan 2021" "pyopenTIDAL 1.0.1" "pyopenTIDAL Manual"
.SH NAME
auth.getDeviceCode \- Request a user- and device-code pair 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B import openTIDAL

.nf
.BI "class auth (" object "):"
.BI "    def getDeviceCode (" self ", " session ", " threadHandle ")"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
This service function requests a userCode and a deviceCode from the TIDAL auth server.
\fBlibopenTIDAL\fP(3) uses the oAuth2.0 device authorisation grant (RFC 8628) to authenticate with
the TIDAL API. This grant is primarily useful for restricted input devices such as TVs or
browser-less applications. TIDALs oAuth2.0 web-flow (RFC 6749) is reCaptcha v3 secured
and thus can't be used outside a web browser. 

.nf
.B Device Authorisation Grant
.fi
Call the \fIauth.getDeviceCode(3)\fP service function to request a userCode and a deviceCode.
If successful instruct the user to authorise the session with the URI (https://link.tidal.com/ABCDE). While doing
that poll the authorisation server with the \fIauth.getBearerToken(3)\fP service function.
The polling cycle has a specified minimum interval between each request.
The userCode and deviceCode pair has a specified lifetime. If the user was not able to authenticate
in this timeframe, request a new code pair.
The authorisation server returns the access- and refresh-token and other user values after
a successful authentication by the user.

Username/Password and third-party oAuth2.0 authorisation methods are supported.

This call \fBmust\fP have a corresponding call to \fIauth.cleanup(3)\fP
when the operation is complete.

.nf
.B Thread Handle
.fi
You must never share the same handle in multiple threads. You can pass the handles around among threads, but you must never use a single handle from more than one thread at any given time.

Call \fIhttp.default(3)\fP to get the session main handle.
.SH RETURN VALUE
If no memory allocation error occurred in allocating the content container, a
pointer will be returned.
Otherwise, an exception is thrown.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR auth.cleanup "(3), " auth.getBearerToken "(3), " auth.logout "(3), "
.BR auth.refreshBearerToken "(3), " session.login "(3), " session.getHandle "(3) "
