.TH base.getStandard 3 "29 Jan 2021" "pyopenTIDAL 1.0.1" "pyopenTIDAL Manual"
.SH NAME
base.getStandard \- Request standard metadata
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B import openTIDAL

.nf
.BI "class base (" object "):"
.BI "    def getStandard (" self ", " session ", " prefix ", " suffix ", " contentId ", " limit " , " offset " ," threadHandle ")"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The getStandard service function requests TIDAL metadata.
The prefix and suffix parameter are used to specify the endpoint of the request.
This service call \fBmust\fP have a corresponding call to \fIbase.cleanup(3)\fP when the operation is complete.

.nf
.B Prefixes & Suffixes (NULL = No Suffix)
"albums" - NULL (ALL), "items", "items/credits", "review"
"tracks" - NULL, "contributors", "credits", "mix", "recommendations"
"videos" - NULL, "contributors", "credits", "recommendations"
"artists" - NULL, "bio", "links", "albums", "mix", "toptracks", "videos"
"playlists" - NULL, "items", "recommendations/items"
"mixes" - "items"

.B Pagination
.fi
Use the limit and offset parameters to control metadata pagination.
Keep in mind that the TIDAL API will error out on certain limits.


This call \fBmust\fP have a corresponding call to \fIbase.cleanup(3)\fP
when the operation is complete.

.nf
.B Thread Handle
.fi
You must never share the same handle in multiple threads. You can pass the handles around among threads, but you must never use a single handle from more than one thread at any given time.

Call \fIhttp.default(3)\fP to get the session main handle.
.SH RETURN VALUE
If no memory allocation error occurred in allocating the content container, a
pointer will be returned.
Otherwise, an exception is thrown.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR base.cleanup "(3), " base.getPage "(3), " base.getStandard "(3), "
.BR stream.getTrackStream "(3), " session.login "(3), " session.getHandle "(3) "
