.TH search 3 "29 Jan 2021" "pyopenTIDAL 1.0.1" "pyopenTIDAL Manual"
.SH NAME
search \- metadata search
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B import openTIDAL

.nf
.BI "class search (" object "):"
.BI "    def cleanup (" self ", " content ")"
.BI "    def all (" self ", " session ", " query ", " limit ", " offset ", " threadHandle ")"
.BI "    def albums (" self ", " session ", " query ", " limit ", " offset ", " threadHandle ")"
.BI "    def tracks (" self ", " session ", " query ", " limit ", " offset ", " threadHandle ")"
.BI "    def videos (" self ", " session ", " query ", " limit ", " offset ", " threadHandle ")"
.BI "    def artists (" self ", " session ", " query ", " limit ", " offset ", " threadHandle ")"
.BI "    def playlists (" self ", " session ", " query ", " limit ", " offset ", " threadHandle ")"
.BI "    def topHit (" self ", " session ", " query ", " limit ", " offset ", " threadHandle ")"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The OTServiceSearch service function requests TIDAL metadata.
The suffix parameter is used to specify the endpoint of the request.
This service call \fBmust\fP have a corresponding call to \fIsearch.cleanup(3)\fP when the operation is complete.

.nf
.B Pagination
.fi
Use the limit and offset parameters to control metadata pagination.
Keep in mind that the TIDAL API will error out on certain limits.

.nf
.B Thread Handle
.fi
You must never share the same handle in multiple threads. You can pass the handles around among threads, but you must never use a single handle from more than one thread at any given time.

Call \fIhttp(3)\fP to get the session main handle.
.SH RETURN VALUE
If no memory allocation error occurred in allocating the content container, a
pointer will be returned.
Otherwise, an exception is thrown.
