.TH stream.getTrackStream 3 "29 Jan 2021" "pyopenTIDAL 1.0.1" "pyopenTIDAL Manual"
.SH NAME
stream.getTrackStream \- Request a track stream
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B import openTIDAL

.nf
.BI "class stream (" object "):"
.BI "    def getTrackStream (" self ", " session ", " contentId ", " isPreview " ," threadHandle ")"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The OTServiceStream service function requests TIDAL http streams.
This service call \fBmust\fP have a corresponding call to \fIstream.cleanup(3)\fP when the operation is complete.

The audio-quality is specified in the session configuration file but can be changed. Depending on the subscription type four
different audio-quality presets are available. With the \fBAUDIO_LOW\fP preset, tracks are encoded in 96kbps AAC. \fBAUDIO_HIGH\fP
preset tracks are encoded in 320kbps AAC. If the user has an active hifi subscription two additional modes are available.
\fBAUDIO_LOSSLESS\fP preset tracks are encoded in 1411kbps 16bit/44.1kHz FLAC. \fBAUDIO_HI_RES\fP preset tracks are encoded in 24bit/96kHz
MQA FLAC. \fIenums.quality(7)\fP.

.nf
.B Restricted Preview
.fi
With isPreview enabled, 30s previews of a track (64kbps 22.05kHz MP3)
is available. Keep in mind that this endpoint is enabled on a few clientIds. 

.nf
.B Thread Handle
.fi
You must never share the same handle in multiple threads. You can pass the handles around among threads, but you must never use a single handle from more than one thread at any given time.

This call \fBmust\fP have a corresponding call to \fIstream.cleanup(3)\fP
when the operation is complete.
.SH RETURN VALUE
If no memory allocation error occurred in allocating the content stream container, a
pointer will be returned.
Otherwise, an exception is thrown.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR stream.cleanup "(3), " playlist.create "(3), " favorites.get "(3), "
.BR favorites.addItem "(3), " stream.getVideoStream "(3), " session.getHandle "(3) "
